short description basis sets:
AE: non-relativistic all electron basis sets without fitfunctions.
Bunge: non-relativistic all electron basis sets optimized for
       Hartree-Fock calculations, made by Bunge et al..
MDC: non-relativistic basis sets with optimized fit functions
     especially useful for accurate Multipole Derived Charges.
Vdiff: non-relativistic basis sets with extra diffuse functions.



More extensive description basis sets

AE:
   Non-relativistic all electron optimized basis sets without fitfunctions
   and without polarization functions with nuclear charge Z>36
   sz: all electron single zeta
   dz: all electron double zeta
   tz: all electron double zeta triple zeta valence

Bunge: 
   Non-relativistic all electron basis sets optimized for
   Hartree-Fock calculations.
   Slater-type orbital expansions and expectation values for Z=2-54
   Reference: C.F.Bunge, J.A.Barrientos and A.V.Bunge,
              Atomic Data and Nuclear Data Tables 53,113-162(1993)
   Complementary reference:
              C.F.Bunge, J.A.Barrientos, A.V.Bunge and J.A.Cogordan,
              Phys. Rev. A46,3691-3696(1992).

MDC:
   Non-relativistic basis sets with optimized fit functions.
   The standard fit sets are often not accurate for the calculation
   of the quadrupole moment calculated with the Multipole Derived
   Charges. This means that there are differences whether one calculates
   these charges with the fitted density or with the exact density.
   For a few atoms Marcel Swart made new basis sets which have an improved
   set of fitfunctions.
   In principle one can think of improving the fit set for all the atoms
   in the standard basis sets. In general this will not be necessary
   for the calculation of bond energies and or Coulomb potential
   with reasonable accuracy.
   It is often not necessary to have a very accurate fit set,
   if one only uses a moderate basis set.
   Improved fit set can also be found in the ZORA/QZ4P directory
   or in the ET directory.

Vdiff:
   Non-relativistic basis sets with extra diffuse functions
   especially useful in the calculation of response properties,
   like excitation energies and (hyper-) polarizabilities.
